Add guide on how to debug network traffic (#780)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/guides/pages/debug-network-traffic.adoc

There are a few things needed:

1. A sidecar running {tcpdump}[`tcpdump`], capturing the traffic into a file.
2. If TLS (e.g. HTTPS) traffic is involved, the product needs to be configured in such a way, that it writes the TLS session keys into a file.
   The key log can be used afterwards to decrypt the TLS traffic.
3. Wireshark to make it easier to inspect the captured traffic.
   You can give it the TLS key log and it will automatically decrypt the TLS traffic.

== Simple usage

If you only care about unencrypted communications, you can use this snippet to dump all traffic using {tcpdump}[`tcpdump`].

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: trino.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: TrinoCluster
metadata:
  name: trino
spec:
  coordinators:
    podOverrides:
      spec:
        containers:
          - name: tcpdump
            image: nicolaka/netshoot
            command: ["/bin/bash"]
            args:
              - -c
              # If the dump grows to big, you can use regular tcpdump filters here
              # to filter the captured traffic
              - tcpdump -i any -w /tmp/tcpdump.pcap
----

=== Attach without restart

> You can also use something like `kubectl debug trino-coordinator-default-0 -it --image=nicolaka/netshoot -c tcpdump` to use a debug container and attach to a Pod without restart.

Reviewer: FYI, I didn't try this, but will separately next time I need it.

Author: If you feel fancy, the TLS sniffer agent *should* also support attaching to a running process. And I *think* containers share a process namespace, but not sure

== TLS decryption usage

Let's make things a bit more interesting using a real-world example.

> As Superset is behaving weird, we want to debug the network traffic from Superset to Trino, which is using HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume Superset is behaving weird and we want to debug the network traffic from Superset to Trino, which is using HTTPS.
```
